According to current estimates, if Australians had to fight kangaroos, the ratio would be roughly 1.36 kangaroos per person. Meaning for every Australian, they would statistically need to fight around one and a third kangaroos, as there are significantly more kangaroos than people in Australia
Woman arrested with 10 kg of meth wrapped as Christmas presents at New Zealand airport
New Zealand Customs officials said 10.2 kilograms of methamphetamine worth up to 2.2 USD million was discovered in the carry on luggage when she arrived at Auckland Airport on a flight from Vancouver on Sunday.
A Canadian woman has been arrested for allegedly attempting to smuggle drugs into New Zealand, by disguising them as Christmas presents.
Border Collies are high energy working dogs that were historically bred to herd livestock on farms in Great Britain, according to the American Border Collie Association or ABCA. Today, you can still find Border Collies herding on farms, but they are also popular family pets. They are nimble and agile dogs built for fast, sharp movements. The size is between 30 and 55 pounds, and they typically stand between 18 and 22 inches tall. The breed often has a medium length, double coat of wavy hair, though short haired Border Collies are also common. No matter the length, popular Border Collie colors include black and white, all black, red, lilac, and blue.
Interstellar is a 2014 epic science fiction drama film directed by Christopher Nolan, who co wrote the screenplay with his brother Jonathan Nolan. It stars Matthew McConaughey, Anne Hathaway, Jessica Chastain, Bill Irwin, Ellen Burstyn, and Michael Caine. Set in a dystopian future where Earth is suffering from catastrophic blight and famine, the film follows a group of astronauts who travel through a wormhole near Saturn in search of a new home for mankind.
Automobili Lamborghini S.p.A., usually referred to as Lamborghini or colloquially Lambo,s an Italian manufacturer of luxury sports cars and SUVs based in Sant Agata Bolognese. The company is owned by the Volkswagen Group through its subsidiary Audi.
Microsoft Corporation is an American multinational technology conglomerate headquartered in Redmond, Washington. Founded in 1975, the company became highly influential in the rise of personal computers through software like Windows, and the company has since expanded to Internet services, cloud computing, video gaming and other fields. Microsoft is the largest software maker, one of the most valuable public U.S. companies, and one of the most valuable brands globally.
Microsoft is considered one of the Big Five American information technology companies, alongside Alphabet, Amazon, Apple, and Meta. In April 2019, Microsoft reached a trillion dollar market cap, becoming the third public U.S. company to be valued at over 1 trillion USD. 
Thailand, officially the Kingdom of Thailand and historically known as Siam , is a country in Southeast Asia on the Indochinese Peninsula. With a population of almost 66 million, it spans 513,115 square kilometres. Thailand is bordered to the northwest by Myanmar, to the northeast and east by Laos, to the southeast by Cambodia, to the south by the Gulf of Thailand and Malaysia, and to the southwest by the Andaman Sea. It also shares maritime borders with Vietnam to the southeast and Indonesia and India to the southwest. Bangkok is the state capital and largest city.
Phat kaphrao, also spelled pad kaprow, pad kaprao, or pad gaprao, is one of the most popular Thai dishes in Thailand. This dish has garnered a reputation for its appetising appearance and flavour.
Toyota vehicles, particularly the Toyota Hilux pickup truck and Land Cruiser, have become widely known for their prominent role in various wars around the world due to their exceptional reliability, durability, and ability to navigate rough terrain, often being used by insurgent groups and forces in conflict zones as technicals with mounted weapons, making them a significant part of modern warfare, most notably seen in conflicts in the Middle East and Africa. This phenomenon is sometimes even referred to as the Toyota War with the most famous example being the Chad and Libya conflict where Chadian forces used Toyota trucks to successfully fight against a larger Libyan army equipped with heavy tanks.
Jet Ski is the brand name of a personal watercraft or PWC manufactured by Kawasaki, a Japanese company. The term is often used generically to refer to any type of personal watercraft used mainly for recreation, and it is also used as a verb to describe the use of any type of PWC.
A coyote is a person who smuggles immigrants across the Mexico and United States border. The term is a loanword from Mexican Spanish, where it is used to refer to a species of North American wild dog. Migrants pay coyotes a fee to guide them across the border. The U.S. Customs and Border Protection or CBP has run ad campaigns to warn migrants about the dangers of crossing the border with smugglers, who are known as coyotes. The ads highlight that smugglers lie to lure migrants into dangerous journeys that often end in death or removal. 
The raccoon, also spelled racoon and sometimes called the common raccoon or northern raccoon to distinguish it from the other species, is a mammal native to North America. It is the largest of the procyonid family, having a body length of 40 to 70 cm, and a body weight of 5 to 26 kg. Its grayish coat mostly consists of dense underfur, which insulates it against cold weather. The most distinctive features include its extremely dexterous front paws, its facial mask, and its ringed tail, which are common themes in the mythologies of the Indigenous peoples of the Americas surrounding the species. The raccoon is noted for its intelligence, and studies show that it is able to remember the solution to tasks for at least three years. It is usually nocturnal and omnivorous.
The United States Air Force or USAF is the air service branch of the United States Armed Forces, and is one of the eight uniformed services of the United States. Originally created on 1 August 1907, as a part of the United States Army Signal Corps, the USAF was established as a separate branch of the United States Armed Forces in 1947 with the enactment of the National Security Act of 1947. It is the second youngest branch of the United States Armed Forces and the fourth in order of precedence. The United States Air Force articulates its core missions as air supremacy, global integrated intelligence, surveillance and reconnaissance, rapid global mobility, global strike, and command and control.
The Gold Coast railway line is an interurban railway line operated by Queensland Rail in Queensland, Australia, connecting Brisbane with the Gold Coast. The line has 17 stations. In 2021, a journey from Central station to the terminus of this line was scheduled to take 1 hour 23 minutes. There are plans for several new stations along the existing line, as well as an extension south. The line ran to Tweed Heads in the early 1900s until the 1960s. A new Gold Coast railway opened in 1996 with an extension to Varsity Lakes opened in 2007. In December 2017 the Glink light rail services connected to the line at Helensvale station. Duplication of the line progressed in stages.
Optimus Prime, also known in Japan as Convoy, is a fictional character and the main protagonist of the Transformers franchise. Generally depicted as a brave and noble leader, Optimus Prime is the supreme commander of the Autobots in their fight against the Decepticons. The Transformers characters were developed for the American market after Hasbro representatives visited the 1983 Tokyo Toy Show. The characters were modified and the coloring was changed. Notably, Optimus Prime was colored red, chrome, and dark blue. The popularity of the Transformers toys resulted in comics, movies, and a TV series.
The fictional robot cat was born in the future in 2112, making him minus 90 years old. Doraemon first arrived in our time in 1970 as a character in a manga and anime series created by Fujiko F Fujio, the pen name of Hiroshi Fujimoto and Motoo Abiko.
As little as 10 to 15 g may be fatal in children. Symptoms of intoxication by ingestion of gasoline can range from vomiting, vertigo, drowsiness and confusion to loss of consciousness, convulsions, hemorrhaging of the lungs and internal organs, and death due to circulatory failure.